TiKV configuration: Update description for pin-l0-filter-and-index-blocks (#6008)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

### `pin-l0-filter-and-index-blocks`

> + Determines whether to pin the index block and filter block which control the SST file at L0 in memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Determines whether to pin the index and filter blocks of the level 0 SST files in memory.
```
